# book_exchange_system
The business-to-consumer aspect of electronic commerce (e-commerce) is the most visible business use of the World Wide Web. The primary goal of an e-commerce site is to sell or exchange goods and services online. This project deals with developing an e-commerce website for Online Book Exchange. It provides the user with a catalog of different books available for exchange in the store. In order to facilitate online exchange a user can see the user having a particular book and can request them for the number of days they want the book. It is upto the user to accept the request or not.The system is implemented using a 3-tier approach, with a backend database, a middle tier of Sun J2EE 1.4 application server and JSP, and a web browser as the front end client. In order to develop an e-commerce website, a number of Technologies must be studied and understood. These include multi-tiered architecture, server and client side scripting techniques, implementation technologies such as JSP, programming language (such as JAVA, JavaScript, and HTML), relational databases (such as MySQL, Access). This is a project with the objective to develop a basic website where a consumer is provided with a book exchange application and also to know about the technologies used to develop such an application. 
This project definitely helps the user to buy something from the internet because in the book store the user able to buy anything by selecting the book details and entering your online payment transaction details.
By using this output design, the user can save their time by buying the product that is wasting while roaming the market. From here they can probably get all the things they want as well as fast moving entertainment products. They have several options in the Single Collection.
